Update Documentation on plugin group (#431)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-cli: docs/plugindev/README.md

make inventory-plugin-add
```

### Updating the plugin group

> 

Reviewer: I suggest putting a small introduction for this section.  Maybe something like:

"A Plugin groups define a list of plugin/version combinations that are applicable together.  They facilitate an efficient installation of these plugins.  Below are instructions on how to create and publish a plugin group."

> Create `plugin-scope-association.yaml` under `$(ROOT_DIR)/cmd/plugins/plugin-scope-association.yaml` of plugin repository

Reviewer: As a user, I don't know what `$ROOT_DIR` is.  Also the `$()` is a makefile-specific variable access.  It does not work in the shell as it instead calls a subshell.

```suggestion
Create a `plugin-scope-association.yaml` file under `cmd/plugin/plugin-scope-association.yaml` of your plugin repository.
```

Notice that while testing I saw that the directory is `cmd/plugin` instead of `cmd/plugins` when developing a new plugin project.

Sample file content

```yaml
plugins:
- name: builder
  target: global
  isContextScoped: false
- name: test
  target: global
  isContextScoped: false
```

> Update the PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE in plugin-tooling.mk to file location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE` variable in the `plugin-tooling.mk` file to point to the created associate file:
```

``` makefile

> PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE ?= $(ROOT_DIR)/cmd/plugins/plugin-scope-association.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE ?= $(ROOT_DIR)/cmd/plugin/plugin-scope-association.yaml
```

```

> 

Reviewer: Whenever a `plugin-scope-association.yaml` association changes, the plugins must be rebuilt to generate the proper plugin group information.  We need to mention this here.  The user must run `make plugin-build` again.

Author: updated the instructions

> PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE ?= $(ROOT_DIR)/artifacts/plugins/plugin-scope-association.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE ?= $(ROOT_DIR)/cmd/plugins/plugin-scope-association.yaml
```

> Run the below command to add plugin group with the respective plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the below command to add a plugin group with the respective plugins:
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you specify that the `name:version` should be chosen?  
We need to explain the name and version format.

Author: added more details on format with examples

make inventory-plugin-add
```

### Creating a plugin group

A Plugin groups define a list of plugin/version combinations that are applicable together. They facilitate an efficient installation of these plugins. Below are instructions on how to create and publish a plugin group.

Create a `plugin-scope-association.yaml` file under `cmd/plugin/plugin-scope-association.yaml` of your plugin repository.

Sample file content

```yaml
plugins:
- name: builder
  target: global
  isContextScoped: false
- name: test
  target: global
  isContextScoped: false
```

> Update the `PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE` variable in the `plugin-tooling.mk` file to point to the created associate file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE` variable in the `plugin-tooling.mk` file to point to the created association file:
```

``` makefile
PLUGIN_SCOPE_ASSOCIATION_FILE ?= $(ROOT_DIR)/cmd/plugin/plugin-scope-association.yaml
```

> When a plugin-scope-association.yaml association changes, the plugins must be rebuilt to generate the proper plugin group information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you change the `plugin-scope-association.yaml`, the plugins must be rebuilt to generate the proper plugin group information.
```

``` sh
make plugin-build
```

Run the below command to add a plugin group with the respective plugins:

```sh
make inventory-plugin-group-add PLUGIN_GROUP_NAME_VERSION=name:version PLUGIN_GROUP_DESCRIPTION="description"
```

name:version format ```{vendor-publisher/plugin_group_name}:vX.X.X```

Examples

- vmware-tanzucli/essentials:v1.0.0
- vmware-tkg/default:v2.3.0

> - vmware-tap/default v1.6.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- vmware-tap/default:v1.6.1
```
